Release 0.1.0 (#93)
ios-course/swiftcowboys-team-project: RELEASENOTES.md

This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

The format is based on [Release notes format](https://github.com/ios-course/swiftcowboys-team-project/wiki/Release-notes-format).

## [0.1.0] - [02.06.2023]

### Changes

- The application has two modes:
   - `Wake mode`: You can turn on the alarm and set the alarm time. The app will show you the predicted duration of your sleep. If you don't need the alarm, you can turn it off. Before going to bed, you can press the `Start sleeping` button and go to `During sleep mode`. 

>    - `During sleep mode`: You can see the time the alarm is set or information that the alarm has not been set. After waking up, you can press the `Stop sleeping` button and go back to `Wake mode`, where you will see the alarm time set earlier.

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
   - `During sleep mode`: You can see the alarm time set or information that the alarm has not been set. After waking up, you can press the `Stop sleeping` button and go back to `Wake mode`, where you will see the alarm time set earlier.
```

Author: Fixed.

This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

The format is based on [Release notes format](https://github.com/ios-course/swiftcowboys-team-project/wiki/Release-notes-format).

## [0.1.0] - [01.06.2022]

### Changes

> - The user can start the application, on the screen he can turn on or off the alarm. When the alarm is turned on, the user can choose an alarm time. Each time the user selects a time in the time picker, the predicted sleep duration is recalculated. Clicking on the "start sleeping" button changes the image on the screen, hides the settings of the alarm and displays information about setting the alarm. Clicking on the "stop sleeping" button returns the user to the screen with the alarm settings.

Reviewer: Maybe it would be better to write it in a more user-friendly format?
```suggestion
We are pleased to present the first release of the `SleepTracker' app! You can set an alarm by selecting a time. The app will show you the predicted duration of your sleep. If you don't need the alarm clock, you can easily turn it off. 
```

Reviewer: @marinkman I don't think it's necessary, but it's so friendly :)

Author: @MikhailKosarev I'll post it in the release.
